Cloud Soar gaps - incident generation, action types, and cleanup (#3494)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: docs/cloud-soar/cloud-soar-integration-framework.md

#### Scheduled action definitions

> Scheduled actions represent a particular type of action when the execution is iterated until a specific exit condition is met. This type of action permits you to create loops in a playbook.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A _Scheduled action_ represents a particular type of action when the execution is iterated until a specific exit condition is met. This type of action permits you to create loops in a playbook.
```
